### Part A: Review and Improve Portfolio

---

2. Improvements:

- Avoid inline `onClick` handler in `index.html` by moving the event listener into JS file to keep code cleaner.

- Check that the element exists before using it.

- Improve text and background contrast for accessibility.

4. ASCII diagram:

```
using-ai-in-development/
├── reflection.md
├── index.html
├── styles.css
├── script.js
└── assets/
│   └── images/
│       └── tracy.png
```

5. Reflections on what I have learned from the process of including AI in reviewing and improving codes:

- I learned to review my codes and identify where I can improve (both through AI feedback as well as my own analysis and practice)

- I learned to proofread the feedback given by AI. I always verify that the feedback and suggestions are valid instead of blindly following them.

- Treating AI as a mentor while still owning my codes helps me improve my logical thinking, then implement code more effectively and manage code that is easier to read and maintain.

### Part B: Ethics and Risks

---

1. Skill degration:

I understand that if I rely heavily on AI in development, I will skip the learning process, especially when I am still early in my development career. In that case, I may not take time to think, including analyzing the task, breaking it down into small subtasks and solving the problems myself. This would mean the code I have is not owned by me, and I would miss the opportunity to practice and improve my development skills.

What I would do (and have been doing) to mitigate this is to use AI as a mentor (for now) and later, learning assistant. Instead of asking AI for direct solutions, I first take some time to carefully read the tasks and fully understand the requirements. After that, I break down the task into subtasks and take notes some ideas for possible approaches before actually coding. If I get stuck at any point when writing code, I first try to debug the error. If that doesn't work, I ask AI for the error I have along with my guess of the root cause or a possible solution that I am unsure about or have already tried but failed. AI then asks me guiding questions and lets me answer that to finally come up with the solution on my own.

I apply the same process when using AI for code review and improvement.

2. Accuracy and hallucinations:

AI can generate code that looks correct but may have logic errors, wrong assumptions or too complicated implementation. This can happen because AI may lack the full context of the problem or the prompts I write are not precise enough.

To reduce this risk, I can review the code it provides, test it and verify if the code is valid and works as expected in the specific context.

3. License compliance:

I understand that AI models are trained on large amount of public data, including open source code with licenses. Therefore, it may generate code copied from open souce projects with licenses. This can be serious and lead to legal issues.

Similar to what I do to reduce the second risk when using AI in development, I will proofread the code generated by AI carefully and check if it has licenses or not before I process further for my own projects.
